I don't they do the truck at all I think
we just found a transformer this is a
spoiler alert for the movie transformers
4 age of extinction if you don't want
the story to be ruined for you don't
watch the video thank you and enjoy
hello everybody it's cherry time before
here and welcome to a actually I've
never done this but it is a film review
or a movie review of um church of ants
forming noises transformers 4 age of
extinction okay so I saw the movie
yesterday Davey saw it when did you see
it um like last Saturday Lake last
Saturday and it was it was a who is
amazing movie okay it was really good I
really liked it so today Davey and I are
gonna say what we liked and disliked
about the movie so Davy happy you you
start off what did you think about you
know that as the the casting you know
like that do you think the actors did
good and bad I think the act is diploid
good yeah Mark Wahlberg didn't you know
fan I said Sam wasn't in it but the
reason he wasn't in it was because he
was arrested because he broke inside of
a party yeah exactly that's what that's
what I think I heard but guys yeah I
think Mark Wahlberg did a good job you
know as this character you know the
inventor and everything and it was
really good it was really good the
especially you know you know and it had
some comedy to it man it was funny it
yeah that's pretty funny um yeah I and I
I think it just it made sense now I know
a lot of people said that you know we
made absolutely like no sense and it was
confusing and stuff um but I think if
you've seen one two and three then it
makes sense um so it depends if you've
seen one two and three um so the special
effects my gosh they were amazed I was
pretty amazing yeah well that was good
Michael day did pretty good with those
effects though um even though I
personally am not the biggest Michael
Bay Fan neither is Davey
oh so Davy so what did you think was the
best part of the movie Beth part was
when Galvatron was walk Oh God should we
be saying this if oh yes probably by the
way guys spoilers doors in I'm gonna put
this in the title there are spoilers ok
ok I'm going to explain a little
Megatron died in the third movie and he
hacked into the system and made himself
into Galvatron and he was pretty much
reincarnated and my favorite part was at
the end he was like we will meet again
which left off at a definitely a 5
coming out in a few years yeah and
there's also part where when Optimus was
flying flying away in the end he was
just like I will find my create towards
which might might lead to a 5 yeah yeah
i hope i will be pretty interesting um
so you think that was the best part babe
yeah the best part was when it left off
I like how a part of it took place in
you know in China and everything I think
one of the coolest parks was when I'm
the siege is being carried and he was in
the elevator remember and then there was
that guy there and he was trying to like
check like he was texting the person
yeah that was fun you guys right if you
haven't seen the movie you don't know a
single word i'm just i'm done enough um
but yeah it was a really good movie i
have asked in here of just me my guy in
a bumblebee like suit and dave explain
your skin I'm Megatron from my series
transformers war for cybertron this
video is probably gonna be uploaded
before that is but yeah subscribe to me
you can look forward to that I guess yep
everybody Davies link is in the
description so what would you rate
transformers 4 age of extinction from
one
and 10 being the best I'm read it right
at six out of 10 6 out of 10 well since
considering that it was like really good
I liked you know the comedy parts
affects the action like never stops um
fight scenes with so many explosions and
fight scenes man here and there was a
that you got to see the Transformers a
lot too but they did focus on the humans
a bunch yeah like a lot they focused on
the humans but you know what you know I
you know I want to go see the
Transformers and right I think I got
what I got so I would give it a seven
and a half out of ten or actually eight
out of 10 for me I love the movie a lot
it's one of my favorite movies yeah one
of my favorite movies to definitely so
everybody there um if you if you ever
get the chance I know it's almost it's
been in the theaters for a while now
this has been you know the transformers
4 age of extinction view sort of and if
you want to go see the movie you should
it's a really good movie and if you have
if you have already then leave us in the
comments what you think read it from one
to 10 10 being the best and let's see
what you guys say I really like the
movie do you have anything else to add
about the movie d I know I really don't
want to spoil it for anyone here is
gonna go see it 7 probably not yeah it
was a really good movie i really enjoyed
it and I bet everybody up they would
enjoy too because it's so good um I also
did see dawn of the Planet of the Apes
so that was a good movie there's a real
you I want to go see that as a good look
so that yeah that's the Caesar said ok I
don't want to spoil it this is nothing
to do it on a planet sir everybody thank
you so much for watching this little
video of us reviewing transformers for
the age of extinction i'm holding the
ticket right now it was 950 so i also
got a free small popcorn anyway thank
you so much for watching and i guess i
will see you for the next video i'm not
sure if i'll do another film review in
the future but this was a very fun movie
to watch you is fun it like interacted
with the audience we
really really cool it was funny and
everything it's cool it's really cool
and um yeah I think it's good for any
age any age at all so thank you so much
for watching and I guess I will see you
in the next episode don't forget to sell
my car and do all that stuff to help me
grow bigger and YouTube and don't forget
Davies link is in the description say
goodbye Davey goodbye goodbye everybody
and always remember to watch the movie
because I think you would like it Oh
trains yeah I like trains to all right
goodbye you guys